more rumors about a higher performance
version of the toyota ft-86 coupe
mercedes says an SLS AMG successor
what's on the wet GM will trim the fat
on its models and develop an EV with a
longer range and this dude has one of
the nicest Alfa Romeo collections around
maybe anywhere plus something crazy out
of China prob not the first time that's
ever been said all right what's up
everybody I'm Derek D and this is what
max Haston daily yeah he said it right
the rumor mill is churning up another
story about a hotter version of the toyo
brew breeze in 1586 firasat sports car
now if you're wondering what i'm talking
about i just matched the toyota ft and
GT 86 scion fr-s and subaru brz
altogether it's all the same car
basically anyway this time we are
hearing that a turbocharged supercharged
and electric assisted engines are being
considered for the model with a
facelifted version of the gt86 already
in the works we know the higher
performance variant is coming soon as
far as the hybrid model to offset add
away from the EV engine lighter weight
components will be used whichever engine
is used there will be a smattering of
aero features to set the version apart
from the base coupe also no word on what
that one will be called but I'm sure
it'll just make it all the more
confusing something with AE I'm guessing
maybe electric yeah there are some
rumblings that Mercedes is preparing the
successor to the SLS AMG which might
turn out to be the rumored slc was it
dr. Seuss FLD de right yeah that is due
out in 2015 the latest reports say the
model will be smaller and lighter than
the SLS which should be put in porsche
911 territory yeah engine options could
be a 3-liter v6 make it 333 of those and
a 4-litre twin turbo v8 making 485 of
those too yeah it's not sls AMG kind of
naturally aspirated awesomeness but
still potent indeed you best believe
that and it'll be expensive right tom
without a doubt we don't know exactly
how much but assuming a lot GM is
readying a new electric vehicle that
will have a range up to 200 miles says
CEO dan akerson US automaker is working
on a couple different battery
technologies that have varied results
with the best managing that 200 mile
distance more broadly a curson said GM
will start shedding weight across GM's
models and brands while using materials
like carbon fiber aluminum and magnesium
or is some of you folks across the pond
say aluminium targets are set at fifty
percent reduction in the next three
years all this is aimed to improve fuel
economy significantly and for all the
car junkies
that should also mean more nimble whips
right excited about that max very yeah
bottom line is the fully electric
vehicle thing won't take off unless you
could find a way to fully charge the car
in the same amount of time it takes to
fill up a car's gas tank that's all I'm
saying oh and how about this stop making
the affordable ones look like this and
this and this that last one being the
2014 Chevy spark EV by the way okay they
look like big fat toes with wheels in
another awesome installment from petrol
licious we had a look at one of the most
eclectic and cool collections of Alfa
Romeos from owner manual leone Minaya
how did you say that Tom nachum
Minassian maybe anyway the star of the
episode is a 1972 berlina that he
restored and it sounds pretty glorious
yeah you want to see the whole shebang
the link will be in the description
wimax because we care about people we do
and that's why we do it you know for you
guys and for some reason this is the
cool thing to do in China this is what
you call a seatbelt t-shirt yes people
are buying seatbelt t-shirts to avoid
seatbelt tickets the shirt costs eight
dollars but wearing it could very well
cost oh I don't know your life all right
yeah see the sirens are already going by
the way getting a seat belt ticket in
China cost the equivalent of eight US
dollars and two points on your license
only in China right how much do those
shirts eight bucks American no yes
that's the same oh here's an old man
kicking a snake oh it's really great
yeah it's really great it is really good
i just love that he just don't care it
walks away real easy that's gonna do it
for fascinating day like today i'm derek
d we're on twitter guys okay that's a
fascinating daily and on facebook we're
fascinated ella youtube professor Dailey
and iTunes we're there we can watch it
Instagram pictures t-shirts wear them
Ethel the apps get them free all right
hello sirens that sounded sound good did
we get through it yeah alright that's a
wrap bye guys
Swiss sharp it straight from Geneva
wonderful is that the official chocolate
at the Geneva yeah made in China yeah
funny thing is you didn't really see the
snake that's right Isaac where's the
snake yeah and I'll say you saw
something slitter his old dude out of
nowhere no gives it a good gives it a
good right here's a double right yeah
and then the second time around he
really knocks it in the head he then
goes in like stands by that pole I feel
like catches breath people walks away so
not a lot old man's down no like you
just kick that snake and he's like I do
it again Wow we're living in the fast
lane hey there